Update sendmail-monitoring-integration.mdx (#14772)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/host-integrations/host-integrations-list/sendmail-monitoring-integration.mdx

  /etc/newrelic-infra/integrations.d
  ```

> 2. Update your configuration file `sendmail-flex-config.yml` using the following snippet:
> 
> Kindly update the below value present in the snippet:
> `FAILED_MESSAGES_FILE_NAME`: Go to the path `/var/mail/` and check the file that has been created for failed messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update your configuration file `sendmail-flex-config.yml` using the following snippet. 

Make sure to replace "FAILED_MESSAGES_FILE_NAME" references with your file name. To find this file name, go to `/var/mail/` and check the file that has been created for failed messages.
```

@pkosanam How does this look?

Author: Thank you @ally-sassman, this looks good to me.. 👍

  /etc/newrelic-infra/integrations.d
  ```

> 2. Update your configuration file `sendmail-flex-config.yml` using the following snippet:

Reviewer: @pkosanam Your original version said "Below are the fields which are to be updated on the below snippet." 

Which fields are they supposed to update?

Author: hi @ally-sassman , user has to update the value "FAILED_MESSAGES_FILE_NAME" present in the snippet, else there will be error recorded on integration.
